sure let's talk about the secondary
missing maybe an element that you guys
have had in the past they've got like
Chris Harris and that kind of leadership
and maybe that kind of physicality I
mean how do you replace that well you
know this is the right player and that
was real smart lady back there one thing
I've seen above Cruz not being here is
that everybody has to be accountable
have to do
you know and not depend on Krista put us
where they need to be so we're doing
great compare the three sides of the
defense with the secondary in the line
of the linebackers you guys are probably
right there with the linebackers in
terms of experience and the v-line is
very very green we're getting that
without that long ways to go that's one
of my things I mean everything we always
talking to trying to get better so I
think that's what's under those guys are
never satisfied with the guys in the D
line though is just put with them being
as green as the RT that put me a little
more onus on you guys to stay with
receivers and give them more time to get
to the quarter boy yeah we're family so
I mean you know one size down no we have
to pick it up so we would have to pick
it up a little bit
you know just if you get
if you Chris step up this year drifting
o Krishna Christmas Christmas no girl
man no he's talking a little bit
always were a great player but like I
said a lot of guys now but has to step
up and you have to deepen so the boat
from basketball clinic on a great job
there's this time what you guys gonna
start what are you outnumber that are we
will work that's what about
face
on the cattle clear don't kind of